Hello Guys welcome to a brand new section of our course this section will be slightly different from
the rest.
So far we have been able to create pretty much the whole structure of our theme.
We have already created the template for the new pages we already know how to control the Wordpress
loop.
Hand of the imagination and theme support and many other things.
But if you look at the home page of our theme you'll see that it still seems a bit far from the original
layout.
This is because some essential areas like the slide show the social media icons and the map are still
missing.
In addition to them we still need to take care of things like the responsive menu and the contact forms.
My proposal was to use plugins to view these areas.
A lot of people ask me why do you ask people to install so many plugins.
There was a plug in to include a responsive menu and other plugins for social media icons.
This one for the slider contact forms Well there's a couple of reasons why I do that.
First developing all this from scratch would be hard work.
If you have plugins that can do this hard work for us.
Let's use them.
If I decide to teach you how to view every single functionality from scratch this will be a never ending
course.
The second reason is because even professional developers include plugins when they are making their
films available for download.
For example if you take a look at film forest you'll find that most films or maybe all of the themes
bandos some plugins.
So i can we more over all the plugins I'll be using here are free OK which is good news and the good
news is if your intention is to make your thing available for download I'll be teaching you how to bandeau
all of the plugins with your thing.
Yes really.
Every single plugin but this will be later on this course.
So hold on OK.
It's worth it.
So after this sort of mirror COOPER Let's get started.
In this lesson you're going to start with this light show glugging Let's go over to the Wordpress dashboard
and we're going install a plugin called Mauprat slider.
Head over to the Blunkett's menu add new
and Harrigan and look for a plugin called a press slider
as go ahead install it
and we can activate it among the phrase Leider plugins.
This is one that I find more complete.
Of course it's not as good as Brenan plugins such as slider revolution but it's free and it really does
a great job for us.
Once installed we have a new menu entry down here as click on moral press slider and we got to the screen
here.
Well before you start creating something let's go for a more theoretical explanation.
I think it's necessary to make this explanation because some students are so confused with how these
plugins work in this plugin and in almost all plugins of the like they have a structure like this that
is we have a container with these letters and insight than we have.
Each one of these lights.
So this slider one has a first light a second one and so forth.
So you can't have as many sliders as you want.
And even then as many slides as you want to.
So on this page that we are seeing now which is the plug in home page we have the list of all the sliders
which are the containers you can't create as many sliders as you want.
For example we can have a slider that will be displayed on the home page and another one that will only
appear on the About Us page or you can create more than one slide your for the home page.
But for now we have no sliders so let's go ahead and create our first one.
Let's click here on create slider and here we can choose which type of lagger we want.
We can have a custom slider which will be as Lider with any kind of elements we like.
For example we could create a custom slider with three slides within it each one with a background image
some text and a click to action button because also have both slider and I like the custom slider.
This one is made up by posts or pages that the plugin would grab from the Wordpress installation.
And of course if you don't want to have much work we can decide to import samples of both a custom slider
and a post slider as we don't have much time for this.
I'm going to go ahead and choose a beautiful template.
Help me create a post slider.
So what's the idea behind this.
Well the idea is that you have a slider at the top of the home page showing the latest post in a slideshow.
Each item on the slider will have a future image from the current post title.
The excerpt and the publication date only the OK selected.
I'm going to click here on chromate slider
and the plugin shows that both sliders structure has been ported and now we can start setting up the
slider.
Click on this button.
Notice though that.
Alternatively I can also access this configuration page to the Blyton's home page look my slider is
already here.
Just go ahead and click here on sitings.
OK.
Notice also that this is still the slider settings page that is used to configuring this slides container.
We're still not setting up each slider items.
OK soon you do that here on the first step.
You want to include some basic informations for example as type a name for the slider.
Let's change the name here for home slider.
And here we want to add in the lines for example.
Home hyphen slider
this alliance will be very important.
It will be part of the short code that we need in order to include the slider on our template or on
the Wordpress page or post.
If you want to do that let's change the height and width information as well or the width.
We're going to set that you 1000 170 which is the initial default with other side made with bootstrap
and for the initial height I said that you six hundred and fifty pixels here on size.
Let's check this first checkbox by doing this.
I went to ensure that we're going to have a slider that can extend across the full width of the screen.
You can later tweak these other settings to learn more about displaying if you want.
I am only going to work with the basic settings right here on slide show.
You can see the types of effects that the slide show will have.
You are going to change only one of these values which is relative to the amount of time each slide
is on the screen.
Let's decrease this value to seven thousand milliseconds which is the same as seven seconds here on
controls.
We can choose the elements we want for the navigation we can for example show the bollix disabled navigation
arrows it's at your discretion.
I'm just going to leave this as it is.
OK.
Here on their appearance it can change the slide show more generally.
For example you can hide a certain amount of lights at the top of the list are or certainly to the beginning
of the slide show.
What matters most to us here is this text area below.
Here we can define success for and it's Leiderman.
And later on the course we're going to return to this place here.
And finally here on content it can set the slider's content as we define that is likely to be made up
by posts.
All options are relative to which post will be displayed in the slide.
You can choose here the post-Arab that is going to be used.
For example you may have Bouffes or pages.
Let's leave it as it was before.
We can also choose just a few categories or some specific tags.
Post formats and a bunch of other information.
Let's say we want only five posts in our slider and if I click here I can see below the post that will
be displayed in the slide there.
After everything is don't all based on the filter as I said above Well when you're happy with all the
choices just click here on safe settings.
Now you're ready to set up each individual slide as we're working with a previously imported both slider
will have less work to set up the slides.
But as this last one is already taken too long will continue on this process in the next lesson.
So thanks for watching and see you in the next lesson.